### Project Title: Polarizr
Group Members:
* Alton Liu (alton.liu@mail.utoronto.ca, liualton)
* Jeremy Neilson (jeremy.neilson@mail.utoronto.ca, neilso14)
* Juno Zhang (juno.zhang@mail.utoronto.ca, zha11325)

*Technical Specs:*
* Framework:  Angular.js
* Backend API: Express.js
* Database: PostgreSQL
* Deployment: Docker, Docker Compose, and Git Action for CI
* Authentication: OAuth 2.0

### Overview
*Summary* \
Polarizr is a web app game where users are given a series of binary choices between two items of the same topic. They are then prompted to choose between the previously chosen item and another item continuously until all items in that topic are exhausted.

These decisions generate a global ranking of all items in the topic, which will be visible to all free and paid accounts. Though, only paid accounts will be able to contribute and share their “decision trees” on the topics they have gone through.

*Security and Payment Requirement* \
Free users will be able to view the current leaderboards and rankings, but not contribute. Users will be able to opt-in to a monthly subscription server that upgrades their account to paid user status. Paid users will be able to contribute to the app database by voting on items thereby altering the leaderboards and ranking.

If the subscription is cancelled at any point, subscription status will continue to the end of the month, but afterwards they will no longer have access to any voting functionality.

A missed payment will temporarily put the account into free user mode, with a notification indicating to the user that their payment has not been received for this month. If at the end of the month, no payment has been received, the account will be permanently set to free user mode.

While the user can still log in without a subscription, the main voting functionality will be disabled.

*Additional Requirements* \
“A piece of the application is “real-time”, which means it can reflect other user changes without refreshing”

The global leaderboards and ranking of items generated by our paid users will update in real-time, visible through a dedicated page. The rankings will update every time any user submits a vote.

*Milestones* \
Alpha: Display basic “global” ranking functionality (possibly make it real-time), navigation to all the pages in the application (whether or not they exist), simplified gameplay loop of choosing between images.

Beta: set up databases and backend for sharing and global rankings, create an algorithm for serving images, start sharing functionality, deploy
Final: finish real-time functionality if not done, finish sharing functionality, authorization, subscription
